projects/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
---
Image recognition |
>My upcoming capstone at General Assembly. In simple terms, I am challenging myself to build a google translate for American Sign Language Images. My script will read images run it though a convolutional neural network

Iowa Liquor |
>

Auto binger |
>I have recently started using Microsoft Rewards for Xbox. A system that feeds points back to players who use bing as their search browser once a day. However, I think we can all agree bing has a inferior search browser to google. To save myself from the labor of 'binging?' things daily and weeding though their advertisements. I am building an automated bot that does this for me once I am finished studying at General Assembly. I expect to be using Selenium to simulate a Microsoft Edge environment, web scraping to check my email for its spam mail, AirBnB's Airflow to automate the process to run daily during lunch, Rosetta Code to simulate a computer mouse and search browse the newsfeed, and Neural networks to enter guesses for bing quizzes. This will be a personal project to test some of the programs and packages I am passionate about learning, while also solving a mundane burden.

HAS - Hasbro Stock Prediction | 2015

>The project was my first full analysis of a company's direction based on its stock history, rumors, annual reports, and condition. My thoughts on the stock were based off Warren Buffet's tips and 'The Five Rules for Successful Stock Investing' by Pat Dorsey. The stock flew over my radar at the beginning of 2014 hovering around $53 a share as I was looking for my first stock to purchase. Instead I chose it as my focus for a senior finance project in the final quarter of 2014 to learn more about stocks before becoming an investor. In December, I gave the stock a buy rating. In the next couple of months the stock rose from $68 to $85 per share. Had I purchased when I planed on it my investment would have grown by 32% within 9 months. <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tGvOxl9BEx3RzwxZ0nME9tNVKP1t87SXuClVM7ahqzQ/pub">Check it out here</a>

Smart Sims |
>Through a window of reports, I led a team of data analysts to build the best business model for market share majority. We dominated the classroom environment and placed third out of eight teams in a class vs. class finals by figuring out some of the best advertising, manufacturing, and product development strategies.

Commit message:

notes post, loan prediction project desc.

projects/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
---
Image recognition |
>My upcoming capstone at General Assembly. In simple terms, I am challenging myself to build a google translate for American Sign Language Images. My script will read images run it though a convolutional neural network

Loan Prediction | <a href="https://datahack.analyticsvidhya.com/contest/practice-problem-loan-prediction-iii/lb?page=8">rank: 2197 user: lennjume</a>
>With materials and a target from a <a href="https://datahack.analyticsvidhya.com/contest/practice-problem-loan-prediction-iii/">Hackathon</a> we began to predict whether or not a person would be approved for a loan based on simple features. We had a 2 hour class challenge to score our submitted predictions. We thought it was more effective to pair programming, rather than each work on coding separately or together. It was actually the reason we won as I was the only individual reading the rules entirely and paying attention to banter and suggestions in the classroom. We won the deadline round with 76.4 from our mvp, because we were the only submission on time. We did however lose the best of round where we finished with 77.78 and lost to 78.4. Since there are 300 days left in the competition I will be continuing my analysis after GA graduation.

Iowa Liquor |
>

Auto binger |
>I have recently started using Microsoft Rewards for Xbox. A system that feeds points back to players who use bing as their search browser once a day. However, I think we can all agree bing has a inferior search browser to google. To save myself from the labor of 'binging?' things daily and weeding though their advertisements. I am building an automated bot that does this for me once I am finished studying at General Assembly. I expect to be using Selenium to simulate a Microsoft Edge environment, web scraping to check my email for its spam mail, AirBnB's Airflow to automate the process to run daily during lunch, Rosetta Code to simulate a computer mouse and search browse the newsfeed, and Neural networks to enter guesses for bing quizzes. This will be a personal project to test some of the programs and packages I am passionate about learning, while also solving a mundane burden.

HAS - Hasbro Stock Prediction | 2015

>The project was my first full analysis of a company's direction based on its stock history, rumors, annual reports, and condition. My thoughts on the stock were based off Warren Buffet's tips and 'The Five Rules for Successful Stock Investing' by Pat Dorsey. The stock flew over my radar at the beginning of 2014 hovering around $53 a share as I was looking for my first stock to purchase. Instead I chose it as my focus for a senior finance project in the final quarter of 2014 to learn more about stocks before becoming an investor. In December, I gave the stock a buy rating. In the next couple of months the stock rose from $68 to $85 per share. Had I purchased when I planed on it my investment would have grown by 32% within 9 months. <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tGvOxl9BEx3RzwxZ0nME9tNVKP1t87SXuClVM7ahqzQ/pub">Check it out here</a>

Smart Sims |
>Through a window of reports, I led a team of data analysts to build the best business model for market share majority. We dominated the classroom environment and placed third out of eight teams in a class vs. class finals by figuring out some of the best advertising, manufacturing, and product development strategies.
